Updates the pre-rotation and witnesses sections with feedback from the first set of updates (#159)
decentralized-identity/didwebvh: spec/specification.md

##### Reading did:webvh DID URLs

> A `didLwebvh` resolver **MUST** resolve the [[spec:DID-Core]] `versionId` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `did:webvh` resolver **MUST** resolve the [[spec:DID-Core]] `versionId` and
```

    active *before* the publication of its entry -- meaning its [[ref: log entry]] **MUST** be
    signed by a key the `updateKeys` list from the **current** [[ref:
    DID log]] entry.
  - `updateKeys` **SHOULD** be set to `null` when deactivating the DID. See the
    [deactivate](#deactivate-revoke) section of this specification for more
    details.
  - `updateKeys` **MUST NOT** be set to an empty list `[]`.
- `portable`: A boolean (`true` / `false`) indicating if the DID is portable and
  thus can be renamed to change the Web location of the DID.
  - The value can **ONLY** be set to `true` in the first [[ref: log entry]], the initial version of the DID.

>   - If not explicitly set in the first [[ref: log entry]], it **MUST** be set to `false`.

Reviewer: I think this kind of reads funny as it's not really a MUST it is just a fact.
```suggestion
  - If not explicitly set in the first [[ref: log entry]], its value is set to `false`.
```

Author: I think leaving it as being testable makes sense.  Leaving this one.

>   - Once the value has been explicitly to `false` in a [[ref: DID log entry]], it **MUST NOT** be set back to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Once the value has been explicitly set to `false` in a [[ref: DID log entry]], it **MUST NOT** be set back to `true`.
```

Author: Fixed

  - The process for generating the hashes and additional details for using [[ref: pre-rotation]] are defined in the
    [Pre-Rotation Key Hash Generation and Verification](#pre-rotation-key-hash-generation-and-verification)
    section of this specification.

>   - If not explicitly set in the first [[ref: DID Log entry]], its value **MUST** be `null`.

Reviewer: Same as above

```suggestion
  - If not explicitly set in the first [[ref: DID Log entry]], its value is `null`.
```

Author: No change

  - Once the [[ref: parameter]] `nextKeyHashes` has been set to a non-empty
    list, the [[ref: Key Pre-Rotation]] feature becomes active. While active the
    properties `nextKeyHashes` and `updateKeys` **MUST** be present in all
    [[ref: DID log entry]].
  - All [[ref: multikey]] formatted public keys added in a new `updateKeys` list **MUST** have their
    hashes listed in the `nextKeyHashes` list from the previous [[ref: DID log entry]].
  - A [[ref: DID Controller]] **MAY** put extra strings in the `nextKeyHashes`
    array that are not subsequently used in an `updateKeys` entry.
  - Any unused hashes in the prior `nextKeyHashes` are ignored.
  - The value of `nextKeyHashes` **MAY** be set to `null` to deactivate
    pre-rotation. For additional details about turning off [[ref: pre-rotation]]
    see the [pre-rotation](#pre-rotation-key-hash-generation-and-verification)
    section of this specification.

>   - `nextKeyHashes` **MUST NOT** be set to an empty list `[]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `nextKeyHashes` **MUST** have at least 1 entry and **MUST NOT** be set to an empty list `[]`.
```

Author: Fixed in all three places.

    a `witness` property becomes active **after** the publication of its entry
    -- meaning its [[ref: log entry]] **MUST** be witnessed by active
    `witnesses` from a **prior** [[ref: DID log]] entry.
  - If the `witness` property is not set in the first [[ref: DID log entry]],

>     its value **MUST** be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    its value is null.
```

Author: No change

>   - `witness` **MUST NOT** be set to an empty list `[]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `witness` **MUST** have at least 1 entry and **MUST NOT** be set to an empty list `[]`.
```

Author: Fixed

> - `deactivated`: A JSON boolean that **MUST** be initialized to `false` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deactivated`: A JSON boolean that is initialized to `false` and
```

Author: No change

>   **SHOULD** be set to `true` when the DID is to be deactivated but remains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **MUST** be set to `true` when the DID is to be deactivated but remains
```

Author: Left as is. In the deactivate section we left it.  If a DID is "deactivated" by removing the JSONL file, for example, no need to set deactivate to true.  I wanted to leave that open.

The use of the [[ref: threshold]] and weighted approvals (versus needing
approvals from all [[ref: witnesses]]) is to prevent faulty [[ref: witnesses]]
from blocking the publishing of a new version of the DID. To determine if the
[[ref: threshold]] has been met, all participants **MUST** sum the `weight`

> integer of the received approvals. and if it equal to or more than the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integer of the received approvals. and if it is equal to or more than the
```

##### The Witness Proofs File

Proofs from [[ref: witnesses]] are placed into a separate file
(`did-witness.json`) from the [[ref: DID Log]]. The same [DID to HTTPS
Transformation](#the-did-to-https-transformation) used for the [[ref: DID Log]]
is used to locate the `did-witness.json` resource, with only the last element
changed (`did.jsonl` to `did-witness.json`). The media type of the file

> **SHOULD** be `text/json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SHOULD** be `application/json`.
```

Author: I have the JSON Lines type as `text/jsonl`.  That's correct?

Reviewer: It's "correct" in that its the leading candidate. JSON of course has more eyeballs so this is what wikipedia says

The official [MIME type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIME_type) for JSON text is application/json,[[26]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON#cite_note-27) and most modern implementations have adopted this. Legacy MIME types include text/json, text/x-json, and text/javascript.[[27]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON#cite_note-28) The standard filename extension is .json.[[28]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON#cite_note-29)

  `proof` element) for the new version of the DID, and shares it with the active [[ref: witnesses]].
  - The specification leaves to implementers *how* the [[ref: log entry]] data is provided to the [[ref: witnesses]].
- The [[ref: witnesses]] ***MUST** hold their own copy of the published [[ref:

>   DID Log]] prior witnessing a [[ref: DID Log entry]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DID Log]] prior to witnessing a [[ref: DID Log entry]].
```

- Each [[ref: witness]] verifies the [[ref: DID Log Entry]], as defined by this
  specification. If not verified, the [[ref: witnesses]] **MUST NOT** approve the [[ref: log entry]].
- Each [[ref: witness]] determines (based on the governance of the ecosystem)
  if they approve of the DID version update.
  - The meaning of "approve" for any given implementation is outside the scope of this specification.
- If the verification is successful and approval granted, the [[ref: witness]]
  creates and sends to the [[ref: DID Controller]] a [[ref: Data Integrity]]
  proof signed using the [[ref: witness]]'s `did:key` DID.
  - The specification leaves to implementers how [[ref: witness]] proofs are
    conveyed to the [[ref: DID Controller]].
- The [[ref: DID Controller]] **MUST** create or add the proof to the record for

>   the applicable `versionID` for the unpublished [[ref: DID log entry]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the applicable `versionId` for the unpublished [[ref: DID log entry]].
```
